Besides the occasional crash, this is an amazing product with tons of potential depending on how you work with it!

This could be a great app if it was predictable, but it is full of bugs and is unpredictable. if you are able to check in, take a screen shot of your boarding pass or print a backup copy, because you may not be able to access it when you need it most.

I can't open since the last 2 updates. Pop-ups go crazy on the iPhone 5! I'm uninstalling

Use to love this app but it's not working after new update. Pages won't scroll up or down.none of the different tabs work.it's frozen! Please fix ASAP!!!

This app serves its purpose for me perfectly except for the mobile deposit won't work. It keeps saying can't find endorsement. After calling PNC multiple times about this still no fix.

It's good if you want to browse but is horrible at letting me post anything. It stays frozen on signing in and I have to close the app.

It was great until apparently it updated on the 27th and now every time I try to use it I get a message the it has stopped working and it force closes! Please fix!

The app was awesome until the latest update I lost a weeks worth of class notes, can't even open the program without it crashing unless I'm connected to wifi, and a complete notebook just disappeared after the password reset. Everything was great before the update, now nothing works.

I liked very much the upgrade to pdfs (divisions and search). However, they aren't displaying anymore. Fix it and it will be perfect.

It says error to collect calls and it won't let me up date anything it needs to be fixed.

ok seriously this app would be great if the timing adjustments weren't so erratic. i've made the same exact video a million times and it keeps coming out with an extra 2 seconds here or a bit shorter there throwing off the entire video/audio sync

I love the app but it's annoying cause when I use the premade hats they come half out with the middle half of the hat gone so I can't make what I want easily.

Please fix some of your effect such as fattal because its become a different quality of picture when I want to save it. Which means what I edit its not the same picture that I saved.

It's really slow and it always glitches up when I try to delete a stauts or somthing and I can't figure out how to delete pics or make new albums.

Won't open. Keeps timing out. Don't waste your time till they fix the issues.

COME ON DROPBOX!!!! This is getting ridiculous! I've uninstalled and reinstalled and it's still stuck!nYour customer service said this update would fix it!

Bookmarks do not work. Bookmark your favorite dispensary and it takes you to some other random place. The overall performance is buggy and crashes.

Recent upgrade is causing the app to crash on iPad. Needs to be fixed. I have tried to delete and reinstall but that didn't fix the problem.

After the update, the search function doesn't work. It keeps putting 20's within the search so nothing comes up. Please fix, otherwise the app is useless if I can't search for anything.

Wanted to use flight filters, but it wasn't applying them. Had to start search over. Haven't used it much yet.

This app used to work so well. Now it never works. Please fix. It keeps sending me warning messages.

It seems like a cool app from what I have been able to see. It crashes everytime I get it open. The free app got me hooked which never crashed. Get this fixed please and I will resubmit a review.

I did the update and they made me change my password I logged in with my new password and ALL of my files are missing! And then I logged into my account through the website and no notes are there either. This is great since midterms are next week and all of my notes are gone.

It still needs updates! Its a bit slow! I hope whatsapp fixes this problem! I know they are too busy but they have to take out time for us!

Keep up the good work but camera upload has stopped working for me. No matter what I change no photos or videos will load.

It is useful to check balance and do transfers but mobile deposit simply doesn't work. It refuses to see my signature. I called support and their suggestions were set camera to highest quality and delete and reinstall app neither of which were any help. So now I am stuck mailing the 'For mobile deposit only' check to them hoping that PNC bank by mail works a lot better than this app!

I may give it a way better review when they fix it but EXPECT it to crash all the time. About every 3-4 filters I downloaded & it then crashed. Frustrating. Once it FROZE and I had to delete & re-install.

Loaded to my iTouch. In it Everything is completely opposite - East reads as West. North reads as South etc. Don't get this app unless you want to get lost!! Will proceed to Delete immediately.

Become very unstable and unsupported to my device. Nowadays it gives a big problem for my HTC desire V device whenever someone or group chat text message me in marathi language or used in more smily in that message that time whatsapp is directly closed and suddenly come back to the home screen and never open it.

What the heck? Love the program BUT since you added the 'share this pin' option I have been receiving spam that my friends did not send. My account was hacked too. How about a fix???

In theory it's great but once a PDF is selected it can be impossible to close it. I have resorted to tapping relentlessly on my screen so some magic will show the tools. The PDF just sits there. Way more effective to go through a browser Really? Irritating!

I like this game a lot, play all the time cannot put down. however there is one issue, the game lags can you please fix. Thanks

Why did you remove open in option for music files? I used to be able to do this with my sound files. Why??

I love pinning! I love pintrest and this app lets me use it anywhere. The only problem I've had is that if I turn my phone sideways, the screen gets messed up and I have to exit out of the app. please fix!

Use to be good until I cannot open any office documents.

It's problem is about not being allowed your last online status.

Great app I love the new design but with the new update when you try to share a link to a specific file that has a space in the file name I have to manually replace the spaces with %20 so it will hyperlink correctly This used to not be a problem Please fix this ?? Other than that one problem this is a great app also I like the fact that if you download a picture from the app onto the iPhone it doesn't auto upload the picture so you have 2 copies of the same photo in the auto upload folder Thank you for that fix Keep up the great work??

Doesn't work for texting. You have to update app or give instructions how it works for text. Just one star for trying. I'm a texting person. But this app doesn't do that.

As recently as last week, I used this as almost my central control for everything After the latest upgrades, there were issues and now it crashes and I cannot access anything I am left in a very difficult situation Please fix it!

Started with app not getting all notes. Deleted and reinstalled app fixed that. Now when I select all notes, it opens to a specific note and freezes when I try to go back. So here I am to try reinstalling again iPhone 5 ios7

I loved this app. I used it all the time, but after the update it won't get connected. And it crashes a lot. What's up with that?

Love the organization, features, and style, but the bugs make it impossible to use. The app isn't worth the money until the bugs are fixed.

Why did it update?? It logged me out and now it took all my books. I also haven't found how to buy books. Where is the store!?!? I need help.

Has started having issues sending photos recently. I have to send a half dozen before one will go through.

At around 5pm every day all of my latest (today's) files just disappear. They are still there though I can search for them and find them. Then tomorrow, they are magically back! On my desktop there is no issue, just on iOS. Is this a known bug?

I find I must logon again each and every time I open the app on my iPad2 running iOS7 Curiously, this doesn't happen on my iPhone 4S.

Updated and lost all my notes. Great work guys. Do all your fans a favor - fire all your current programmers, offer the 2011 version as an update, and then call it a day.

This app used to be flawless! But after recent updates I have issues uploading things I'll select a bunch of my photos to back up and the app will crash out and only upload a few and not all. Major bummer!

It crashes constantly when searching for POIs, so I upgraded to 3.1.4 and it still crashes, maybe more often. Really frustrating that this is not coded better, it could be a very useful app. At least it was cheap.

The app makes me manage my trip right on my phone. Totally handy. But the performance is no smooth at all. The app needs to be fixed random crashes and glitchy performance.

I was happy to see this app however it doesn't work and caused all sorts or network configuration problems. I called hp to reset printer, iPad, and computer and even they couldn't figure out what the problem was. After a ton of lost time I decided to erase the app and it allowed the iPad to find the printer using AirPrint again. This app needs a lot of work so I would use extreme caution downloading it at this time. Big waste of time!

Won't let me view my excel spread sheets from my iPhone. Please fix it other than that love the app.

It was cool, until the last update where now I can't upload from my iPhone It starts uploading , the progress bar shows it going, then when radionics he'd, the progress bar just starts again and again going over and over

At first usage I realized that if you go to send an email there is no Cancel or Back button! My App is stuck on this screen! I don't know how the rest of it works because it's stuck on that screen.

Since updating to iOS7 and latest update of Evernote the spell check feature is not there any longer I utilize this for work, and rely on it for reports I figured give it a couple of weeks and they would fix it, but it's been over two months now and no fix Let's get it together Evernote team so I can give a 5 star review for this app again

I have so many apps through my iPhone and this is the worst one I've ever used! It deletes messages that I dont delete, doesn't send messages that I send, and doesn't even save my favorites when I click to save them! Truly horrible. I really hope you guys upgrade and soon because it's making it pointless for me to be on the site.

Agree with recent reviewers - this update completely ruined this excellent app for the iPhone on IOS7 Doesn't work AT ALL. Opens, then freezes completely and can't even open any of my notes or create new ones. Doesn't anyone test these apps before releasing them?? Please fix ASAP!!

It is overwriting my notes with outdated versions. The complaints about syncing issues with the iOS 7 update are spot on. Stay with the iOS6 version if possible!

I use ipad mini. But I cant even access to my account because the app crashes in iphone size every time i open it Need a hotfix, URGENT

I loved the app, but ever since I installed iOS 7 and updated the app, it does not start. Please fix it

Used to be my most used app, but now it's a pain to find hotels when searching a geographical location I now have to enter numerous towns and do numerous searches to find what I'm looking for New version is a step in wrong direction

The current version doesn't show all files in dropbox. Please fix!

I used to be able to view xls files on my iPad AND iPhone I can still view them on my iPhone but they no longer open on the iPad. Sometimes the files will open for a few seconds and then a gray screen comes up. Most of the time I just get the gray screen. The gray screen has the file name, Office Open XML Spreadsheet and the file size. My spreadsheets are simple (no macros) and small in size. I've tried creating new spreadsheets and have the same issue. Web research shows others have same issue but no fixes have worked for me. I'm on the latest IOS 7.04 and the most recent version of Dropbox. Chat with Apple Support says it is a DropBox issue.

Constant crashes in iOS 7 8 crashes in 30 minutes. Evernote not really ready for new iOS

I generally love Dropbox, but since I upgraded to iOS 7 I can no longer view html files properly (I am referring to files saved on my Dropbox as html) I used to view them displayed nicely as web pages, but now I just see the source code instead! Can you please fix that? 

The new interface is a very big disappointment. Is there any way to get Version 232 back? Way too much white space which is hard on the eyes. Also, still not able to rename files -- unbelievable!!!

I've not been able to use the app because it keeps crashing! What a PAIN!

Caught in a loop forever after trying to load a video and also forever looping in the initial how to adobe file. Very sad.

What's happened to this app? The people I follow page isn't working properly, the images disappear and nothing happens when it's refreshed! It's been all good until now. Fix it please

It's an amazing app and I love it's features except for one little problem, the GPS feature is a bit off. I'm at home and when I want to make a quick note it gives me the wrong address. It would be great if this could get fixed.

Since new update 21 on Feb 15th, I get a splash screen followed by a crashn. Otherwise, 5*

I did not give permission to upload pics The settings say its off yet it continues to upload STOP!!!

Love the app, but i can't access my recipes that I saved online or save any. It keeps saying they are working on it. Wish I had not purchased it!

I'm having Samsung galaxy s 4 ad I am facing problem when I updated what's app. plz fix it

I had this program for 2 months, had allot of very important information kept inside, pictures,notes,memos, etc, all of a sudden while using it, it CRASHED on me and when I went back in, everything was gone! Wiped out completely!?! I use an IPad 2 with plenty of memory, had no other programs running to even suggest a conflict! DO NOT USE THIS UNLESS YOU WISH TO RISK LOSING IMPORTANT DOCUMENTS, files information TRUST ME, I am very computer literate. This program is loaded with problems even if you continue to download all there bug fixes.

I uploaded HUNDREDS of photos but app could not upload them all. lost hundreds of precious memories of concerts, times with friends, etc I was SOLELY relying on this app. I had NO back up for these photos and deleted them when it said they were done now they are gone .I can NOT access them.

My iPad air and iPhone 4 on iOS 7 still will not open any pages documents, all they show is the document name and size.

When you select an attraction and click around to read reviews and view pictures and then go back to the full like it defaults back to the beginning of the list and you have to hit next page a several times to find the place you left off. Very annoying.

I love Evernote I use it on my Mac and I use it on my iPhone I love the Evernote app but ever since the last update, which was a few days ago, this app has been giving me nothing but problems. Sometimes it just doesn't open. All I keep seeing is a blank screen. Sometimes it opens up but then while going back and forth between notes or notebooks it simply gets stuck and doesn't respond to any finger taps or actions I hope the Evernote people improve this app and fix these bugs because I truly love Evernote and would like to keep using it. But lately I have encountered nothing but serious quality problems with Evernote.

And on top of that every posting requires re-verification through email, even to re-post postings on a verified account I have on which through computer it asks for nothing. When trying to add a picture to the posting, the "add picture" links are frayed out so you can't click to upload photos. Terrible all around.

This app isn't that great first. It don't let u play flash videos and the recommended video is horrible. It always pops up that my connection is bad when I have full bars. It's slow and crashes.

Ya they went way to far! There was a bug the the game that sold your cell phone info and charge u things that you don't agree to. So to hell with angry birds. Don't get it.it's a scam to take more money then u paid for and sign u up to pay $10.00 each month from ur phone bill to pay some other county. It's a scam!!!!!!! That is ur warning!!!!

It was working fine with no problems and now I can't even get the app to open!! Not happy about this at all!! Please fix!!! I even deleted the app and re downloaded n it still doesn't open this is very frustrating because this a great app when it actually works!!

I like the fact that I can download drop box on any device and share pics. What I don't like is the time it takes to download pics and that in order to download I have to always be connected to the Internet, this keeps the pics from downloading some times when I am away from wifi 2613. I'm still trying to figure out app support. Pictures are not downloading and I am going to remove this app from my IPAD its worthless.

Downloaded it to find that it doesn't even open. The AppStore says it's downloaded but nothing shows up in my app selection screen.

One flaw is the fact that its almost impossible to load mp3s or WAV files over data. It will play for a second or two then say its unable to load this file. Fix please!

Since the last update the app keeps crashing. I need my notes! Please help

I've always found Dropbox a bit buggy, but it's gotten worse since I updated to IOS 7 When I download zip files or webpages and open the files, the screen is blank, blackened or a blurred enlarged image of the symbol (of Facebook, Google or other symbols related to the site that the the zip file or webpages it came from. As a teacher, I rely on having access online and off line related to research for work my work as a teacher Also, I am required to write notes and save them as zip files in order to save space. So, please fix Dropbox! Why does it keep telling me that I can't open some documents and that I don't have the authorization to alter or edit my document on the flip side, some documents tell me to enter a password (???) If anyone has any suggestions to improve this or recommends a different program to recommend, I would appreciate it. Thanks!

I like this app, which allow us to chat, share music and video. But in my mobile, after downloading the app, it works six months after that again it shows date failure and it will not work. Again I have to download.

It's awesome. However, recently there is lapse to receive the message. Didn't receive notification until open up the app.

You can't scroll very well when your trying to find a hotel, there's no search function that would find the hotel I was staying at and the attractions around and close by When scrolling the hotels you would get to the bottom but it would let go on the the next 20 until you tap on a hotel then you could scroll down to the next 20 It has some good photos of every thing when you find it it doesn't perform well on my iPad it's slow and it hard find what information your looking for if I was to use to book a hotel it might be worth it

The app used to work great, but now it keeps freezing and I can't get into my notes.. It is very frustrating I have to delete the app and download it again What a pain!!

Can't get a response from Developers The game itself isn't bad. If anything, a bit monotonous. However, the manual is less than desirable, specifically when speaking about how to feed cows. I figured out meadows on my own, but cant make straw bales for the life of me. And, this is apparently hkw to create manure flr fertilizer. I have emailed the developers, amd received no response. VERY FRUSTRATING! You spend money in the game for equipment that you can't use.

It sucks When I press ? nothing happens plus I can't even share the videos I make.

Pretty wired. Sometimes on 1st opening it flashes green colour and i need to close it and open again. 5 stars if you fix this.

Won't install. Got a Nexus 4 with loads of free space but installer says it has 0 MB available.

Keeps Crashing! Installed, on the loading page and it crashes! Tried re-installing, shutting down my phone still the same. Please fix this and I'll give a 5 star rating.

Bad!!! When i want take a picture, the picture from my camera phone is not shown, just blank. plis fix it. My phone is samsung galaxy young s5360

Problem while activating. I've been using viber since a long time and it has never dissapointed me but I just deactivated my account for a day and then I try to activate. I dont get my code by txt nd neither do I get a call.im trying again n again please fix the problem

Can I go back to older version? Loved the app, was quick and always connected until the last update. Have tried every suggestion. When I first open it, nothing happens, it just sits at an empty screen. Have to close and reopen several times and it is so slow to connect now. Hope it improves. To be fair, I am having same is with lastest tappatalk upgrade also. Galaxy Note

LG Spirit many bugs sometimes it wont shoot a picture and i have to reopen app, orientation when I rotate phone works about 20% of the time, touch to focus is terrible, focus in general is terrible no matter what setting and other things as well. HD CAMERA PRO takes MUCH better pictures and its free. Quit adding so many features.who cares what frame i put on a blurry picture?

In game purchase not working. Games shuts down when I first tried buying or when tying to restore the purchase. I will change my rating when you fix this. I gave you my money, the last you can do is have a fully functioning app!!

Seen a friend post a video on Facebook then I downloaded the app. All I can do is select photos and it won't let me continue after I have chosen which ones I'd like to use. :( it keeps telling me there's an error

Lame Screen goes black when focusing. Lag. Long initialization. Please fix some.

Okay that's it!! Everytime i download this app it says that it's finish downloading and then when i search i don't found it and when i open the playstore i open viber and it says that i want to download it again!!

Battery hungry beyond belief if I had the application open, a full charge can be gone in 4 to five hour, while normally lasts 16. have to keep it open just when needed.

Doesn't start up. The app gets to the loading screen and then force closes, please fix. Running Android 4.4.2 kit kat on a nexus 7 2013. I'm assuming it force closes as I'm using ART runtime. Please update to work with ART! :-)

Messages I receive on my app don't show on the laptop version of Skype and vice versa.

Was working. Now it corrupts every docx file I save. This has cost me hours of work. I paid for this? Editors Choice, really? I cannot recommend this program in its current state. Nexus 10, 4.4

Loved it until the most recent update has left me less than pleased. Double posting pics, messing up the way cover photos look, it's NOT better in fact it's worse. I use to give it 4 stars now it barely gets 2. Please fix before I lose more fans.

Functionality is as advertised, but still buggy I use DSLR controller via wifi on a 6D. During operation varying function such as aperture control, white balance, etc would cease to react irreproducably. Timed bulb exposure (being the only advantage over Canon's own app and the reason why I bought the app) causes the app and the camera (!) to crash. Disappointing and expensive. I keep hoping for more reliable updates.

When it works great ! Keeps freezing and not completing so really annoying after you've spent so long doing it, lets app down because it I great when it does work

How disappointing!! Love the easiness of the upload of pics and music. However, EVERY SINGLE TIME I GO TO POST MY VIDEO IT BLINKS CANNOT PLAY VIDEO ON.TOP OF that I paid 1.99 for my own watermark and I can't watch MY VIDEO!!!

Bug in new update. Favourite tab is not working please check and solve the issue.

Some help here? My messages won't send and they continue to say pending. Some help would be nice.

Ok Love the game but after update its at 0mb/0mb and not loading im using the Samsung galaxy s4 active.

Black screen I get black screen after using flash. It seem to be random. Anyone else experienced the same problem?

Non existant support I trust the name however why cannot this app optimise as it says it does eg closing unused apps. Emailed support 6 months ago and no response. Unacceptable poor service from a famous brand.r

Working fine on wlan but distortion on mobile internet.

Like it a lot But when changing the flash setting it still activates while in the OFF position. Freezing. Sometimes not focusing and I'll have to reinstall or Clear Data to get it working again.

Freezes. It's a good game but sometimes it crashes and needs to be forcefully stopped and restated.

Everything's good now only problem is, is like mentioned on by another commentor is the it crashes when u scroll through ship selection other then that little problem it's fun to play good job ubi and it also says theres a Google play edition ship but I cant find it.

For some reasons I can't view my Pages' album in full screen (instead i got a tiny preview in the middle with left/right button on both side. Yet on IOS version, the photo are full screen, please fix this!!! Thanks!

Problems I signed out and tried to sign back in later and it says i have no pages to manage.

No sound. Google Nexus 7 2013 This is a 5 star game, otherwise. Fix the sound so I can change my rating.

