Good app, but to make it a great app, video would be a great feature. A must need is to make the timer continuous. After the 5 sec. countdown it would be great for it to restart automatically for continuous self shots. Please add that.

I've had this app for about a year. I love it but can you bring back backups or dropbox so I can transfer files to my laptop. Please do this.

It needs more of the things that powerpoint has. It needs to be able to have music durring the presentation and more animations.

Love it, just wish it had the option do make brochures.

Great idea for an app and works okay for gas and chain restaurants, but that is literally all you will find. No grocery stores, cafes, or anything that is not fast food or large chains. No coffee shops other than Starbucks and no foreign foods, and definitely nothing remotely healthy. Also lacking an option for submissions.I was excited at the possibilities for this app but the reality is much more disappointing.

99cents can't go wrong. I'd like to have a map feature, but overall it does what it was programmed to do well.

But wish it had better ability to copy WODs if you do it more than once. Update: this app has come a long way and is really awesome now!! Love it!!

I've been using Marine Traffic for years online and on my iPhone. Downloaded the iPad app and it's as simple (good thing) as always and the content is great. I only give it 4 stars because it needs Retina support which would make it excellent.

This app is great i dont have to get on my computer download the music then pass them itunes then transfer it to my ipod but i would love it if we had an option if moving the MUSIC to our music libary, when i have that option iLL give this a thumbs up five stars

It needs redstone and online world mupltiplayer accessibility because I'm already bored of the update!

Clear has one of the best-designed user interfaces. I've ever encountered on the iPhone/iPad. It is the way apps should be. So simple and easy. I'm giving it 5 stars despite some shortcomings: It would be nice to sync with the desktop (iCal?) and between devices.n2. It needs Reminders and Alerts (and Due Dates, etc.)n3. Some kind of support for longer notes. Right now, single-tapping an item lets you edit the item. Maybe double-tapping should let you open an item's "detail page" where you could enter the due date, add an alarm, or type a longer note. n4. Also, sharing a list? It would be great if my wife and I could add to or just see each other's shopping lists. Though now, I admit this is "feature creep" that could detract from Clear's simplicity.

But I wish u could use it offline.

I use my yelp app daily and frequently for everything. Love it. Only gave 4 stars because of the loss in functionality. Why can't I publish reviews with app, why don't we earn open table points using app?

It would be even better if you could drive an airplane.

Push notofications would be wonderful! other than that it's great. 

It's need an update where u can post a new chapter of your story and where u can upload a cover for the story! And it keeps crashing!

NEEDS bulk upload and maybe some editing features. Photobucket's app is much better.what a shame. I would much rather use Shutterfly because of their awesome deals on print orders. But it takes way too long to upload from the iPhone. On the photobucket app as soon as you start the app it recognizes all the pics in your camera roll that haven't been previously uploaded and with one click it will upload all the new ones. Shutterfly needs this :-(

They should add the photo editting option.Then this app would be perfect.

It seems like it would be a great addition to have the hold mail feature from your website here also. Please include this in the next release!

It's almost 2011. Where is the multitasking?

Requires access to grades and it'll get 5 stars in my book.

3 days won't do. I need at least 5 days. Seems user friendly and easy to follow. Perhaps if it added the ingredients--not multiple entries for the some onion, per se.

Decent app. Finally, notifications are here. Now please give us multi account login, Google.

Please make it more like the one on the computer like a option that you can download stuff.

Why can't I sign into separate Drop Box accounts?

You should put the folders first and then the files! I would put a folder as favorite, thus putting all the files inside this as favorite too.

Would be nice to have the PC app features available in IOS app.

This is really a great app an tool to manage multiple projects and scattered notes I just wish that there was a calendar integration and sub folders within stacks. Also in Evernote hello there is no categorizing. But make no mistake I swear by this program

I would give this 5 stars if it had these two additional features: Ability to use a scroll bar on iPad and iPhone rather than swipe, swipe, swipe and more swipe to get to the bottom of a note, and Ability to keyword search AND GO TO THAT KEYWORD like you can on the laptop version Having search feature for a word does me no good if I can't search within the note to find that wordrnrnCan you do these two things for iOS please?

This app has been very helpful on my honeymoon search. It would be nice to be able to enlarge the photos though Other than that, it's perfect

Please add landscape support for your fat-fingered users!

No Galaxy Gear support. Please create an app for Galaxy Gear I can only read the notifications on my Gear I would love to have an option to reply directly from my Gear Thanks

Love the service but annotations on PDFs have disappeared from Dropbox since iOS 7 update. Need these back please.

Still no ability to change file names - a very basic function Hard to believe after this amount of time Error messages when simply trying to move files No response from dropbox

I can't share folders! That was the only reason I made a Dropbox in the first place.

Switched to a Samsung Galaxy Note 2 after an iPhone and noticed the option to switch off timestamps is unavailable on Samsung devices If this could be included in the next update, 5 star rating sorted

To play one it takes you to an internet browser, then to youtube Please allow for in-app playback to bypass all the nonsense.

I have Day One on both my iOS devices, and my Mac. It just works beautifully, seamlessly, and smoothly. Add simple photo function, and you'll rule the journal app world. Five star!

Can we get push notifications for other things being shared, besides just folders My bf is a photographer, he often sticks photos in our shared folder - would like a notification when things arrive (I do have them turned on but never get them)

This app is awesome and makes recording everything so easy, the only thing I can request is to make it compatible with iPads!

I also like WW Kitchen and often add my own recipes. It would be great if the two apps were integrated so if I added a recipe in WW Kitchen, I could pull it up in WW Mobile.

If we could create docs inside the app that would be great

It's super easy to copy pictures to clipboard or even save them to your phone, but why can't I download my videos?

Great app for news on demand. No wasted screens to navigate through. Would give it 5th star if there was a button to close the app. Love NPR!

I love these quotes. Only wish the quotes could appear in my notifications area. I'd pay for a full version!

Would love to have an individual resort map of all the resorts available to view Would be great if age of property and renovation dates were included for hotels, too

Boring backgrounds. And it would be mice to be able to it the compass rose for a better look. But all in all very nice app. Thanks.

It would be good if the focus wasn't screwed up. Works fine on all the other camera apps except this one. Focus set as macro acts like its set on auto, set as auto it acts as macro. And forGET it if its on night shot.

Like it, nice good job. Please add more frame for free pack.

Simple enough to use and I love the recurring transactions. No more forgetting and figuring out how to balance my checkbook every month. The other reason I got the app is because it can export to Quickbooks although I have not used that feature yet. The reports are great. Would love to be able to have main categories and sub-categories. That's the only thing missing in my opinion to make this a truly robust stand-alone financial management app. Keep up the good work!

Takes the translation rather literally. Most languages other than English don't say "what's your name". If they could add a common phrase translator function then it would be just that much more accurate

Its amazing. The only thing to make it better is to have the ability or export videos to your camara roll.

Hope it had whatsApp to sms though! 

It needs a few things like some more cheats and another game mode: Zombies or instead just call it "walking dead syndrome".

I use this app for completing my required expense report. Stores pics so you can return to them, pics are super clear. I'd only wish for a two per page option as the scans come back a full page. Overall, only $2. Hell of an app.

Great app. Just need a more accessible speaker button.

They should add the function to buy Starbucks gift cards via iTunes store. I wonder if they'll add that when iOS6 comes in with passbook?

Great app, only one suggestion, it would be great if it allowed for daily flow values.

Works great with my playlists! Wish it worked with Pandora! Definitely not worth paying for the pay version of C25k because this up to date.

Would be nice to have a grid view of photos other than just the auto upload of camera roll. Also would be nice to rename files. My last review still not fixed. This app doesn't support mobi file uploads Would be nice to save my mobi files

We should be able to do text documents! 

I hoped the update would bring back the open in option but it didn't Importing files into other apps is a major pain now Why was this option removed? Please bring it back

Please include the option to view thumbnail larger while viewing in the photo folder

Wonderful, but could be better if all tools built-in and not depending upon the network connection.

Awsome, but please increase the size videos that we send.

It just needs to play the next song after one ends and it will definetely get the 5 stars

Great app - beautiful layout. But I wish saved items could be viewed offline!

I love iTunes U! Would be awesome to archive courses so they don't show on the bookshelf but can be accessed later.

It loses 2 stars just because I have to download one photo at a time. This is a huge inconvenience.

Beautiful app, but NEEDS the ability share folders For people on the go, we need to be able to email links out to people, sending tons of individual links to people is not feasible

Great app! Couple suggestions for the next update though. Add a way to see the degree of angles and also it would be great to actually be able to have two videos side by side to compare.

This is the best video editor ever!!! I also like extras for iMovie but the only thing was that I wished I could cut out things people said that I didn't want. Other than that I love it!!!

Love the app. It's accurate and useful. I hope you guys planed for push notification soon.

I actually believe this app is totally awesome in helping me prepare for my boards. However, just as the muscle name is given in audio; I wish there was an option hearing all the muscles info in audio. For me, retaining info comes better in audio, activities, and constant quizzing.

Couldn't be better really, with options to copy results and also send via text/email. would like to see an option for viewing results full-screen, sometimes the end gets cut off. but it still copies/pastes all of it so it's cool ;)

Very nice. Better if map would center on my location automatically when I trim app on.

Please add support for animated GIFs!

Does almost everything except allowing me to make a quick diagram by hand. But it does allow me to take a pic, and record voice, so that helps

I love this app but I do wish I could highlight words in PDFs and create bookmarks Would this be possible at some piont?

One feature they should add is being able to import multiple photos to camera roll, then it be better

Galaxy S4 GPE I have a galaxy s4 google play edition and can't save to the external sd card. Otherwise great app. You can choose the external sd as your save location but it won't save to it.

Very user friendly. Easy to use and easy to be directed. Wished for a better gps function.

Thank's for app, but can you add offline mod? for exmple, i want save one video in my iphone, and after that play it with VLC.

Would like to be able to move wines into different locations without drinking and then re-adding them on the application.

Great app!!! Helps me organize. The only suggestion I would have to to add a tab under HOMEWORK to organize by what date my assignments are due. Otherwise it's an AMAZING APP!

Needs the ability to see two devices at the same time on the same map, without having to switch back and forth. Also, would like to have the ability to preload certain maps. Takes too long sometimes to load maps over cell signal. Preloaded maps would eliminate that problem.

It is impossible to refine a hotel search for specific criteria beyond location, price and quality. Those are well done and quality reviews and coverage are the reasons we use TA Especially during peak seasonal flows, many of us travel with pets We have a terrible time finding clean, reliable hotels Most sites for pet travel are woefully inadequate How hard would it be to include this as an additional search filter? That would bring in helpful reviews that would not only enhance the site experience but also improve the field.

One thing needed; you should be able to have sub-boards. For example, you would have the board food, then on the board food you could have a sub board for dessert Or healthy Our brunch

Does everything you would hope it would do well. I wish I could email documents from Dropbox as attachments not as links.

Would love to be able to print right from the app instead of having to go through the browser or open it in another app. Otherwise very convenient.

Gd app I think its a great app used it all the time to shut down other running apps. Although I need to delete it bcuz i dont have room on my phone, but cant! It will not uninstall at all says it needs to b deactivated, which i did n still not uninstalling at all! NEED HELP!

I tend to provide reviews on the fly and my only wish is that I could edit them through the app rnrnI also wished that there was a way to respond to replies One hotel accurately described itself on TripAdvisor but was misleading on its website but I can't point this out

One of the great application for chat. Please just increase the upload limit. That will be very useful.

This is cool app I've used before. but no search function. I need it much.

Needs better interface to load and save favorites.

I love this app. Its so easy to learn how to use it and its very easy to understand. The only thing I don't like is that if you choose the option to show what the temp feels like, you can't see what the temp actually is. I would love to be able to see both at the same time.

The new design fits in well with iOS7, but it would be better if there was an option to rename files and folders It's also impossible to send files as email attachments instead of sharing their links through the default Mail app

This update would be a step up if you could actually see PDF's with it.

The app would be great with two feature, one the ability to read long filenames. The app truncated all my files so I can't tell which is which in our companies file naming procedures Really is a complete PITA. Next there needs to be a clear cache option I download a 700 mb file and open it in a app. I really don't need to have it in two places on my iPad Add these missing features for more stars.

Increase participants in a group.

I just wish you could edit your word documents other than that it's great!

The one good thing about the last update was the ability to make folders. But, you are not able to make folders inside folders. I wish you could. The bad things about the last update? Now typing has lag which is very annoying. I don't see how that happened since there is no crazy graphical interface or anything animated. The major thing that is pretty much a deal breaker for most people is the removal of the TAB button. I always hated that the TAB button was up on the ruler. I would prefer having only one shift key and place the TAB on the keyboard. But now i wish it was back up top at least. Now you have to go through a complicated process and menu to use it. I've stopped using Pages now since it is such a pain to tab unless you are using a bluetooth keyboard.

It would pull the contacts I have on facebook, but not on my phone, and put them on my phone.

Wont create team. The game is good but when I try to create the team all I get is a go back button.

Not very impressive I am a graduate student and I use my tablet a lot for taking notes during presentation and to read papers. I am disappointed as I can't use the software to present ppt. Also, the draw free form option is not very user friendly as it doesn't allow to draw in different colors nor to erase.

Would totally give 5 stars if u didn't have to use the app by itself & send from there! Would be nice to be able to choose app from inside text message or email! Can u work on that?

It's a good game but it don't save when your online. If you don't fix it, I want my money back.

It's very convenient to use, however not being able to switch between accounts without un-linking the phone would be great Also an improvement in the media player would also help

Wish there was a way to multi check pins When editing (deleting or moving to another board) rather than having to do it one at a time.

I love the app for allowing me to keep my notes organized and synchrd across devices I also love the feature of sharing stuff with mates The only thing I long for is collaboration on notes.

This has become my main notes program. Wish I could do handwriting on it. Love how can I can put outlook emails in it. Using more than my other note apps in the iPad

I like the new features that make the product more Stanza-like. I still would like to be able to go directly from the library list to the current place in any given book without having to pass by the TOC page.

Why did they remove entire sections when they "updated"? That's a DOWNGRADE.

Now that I have this app I can't imagine how I got anywhere without it. In my experience it's approx 98% accurate and the spoken directions are a necessity when you're driving alone. One improvement would be to have the spoken directions a little earlier especially on a busy highway. I'd recommend this app to anyone looking for reliable accurate directions.

I love pasting notes to ever note I paste my passwords I paste copies of receipts and anything that I need to locate later and I can easily find it in one location the search option is very handy as well. I WISH THE INSTRUCTIONS WERE CLEARER.

Still landscape only. So weird. Every other app has the ability to go either direction. Too bad.

Why cant email be marked as unread? Why when I reply to an email it turns up in my inbox?

The recent update makes this app look really beautiful (upgrade from the previous version!) but in the process we have lost functionality and it is not intuitive. I am a woman and the arrows are kinda small to navigate between areas; I could only imagine how most men--the likely demographic--feel about this app. Additionally, It takes too long to move between the screens. I want to easily/quickly set my line up, maybe see my opponent's, get quick updates on the health or status of my players for the week, and see the weekly fantasy scores as they update.

Overall a great app. I use it daily. It would be helpful if entrance and communion antiphons were included. I do not appreciate the new in app purchase feature. The saint of the day should either be included with the program or have a way to remove the buy button for those who do not want to purchase this.

I've been addicted forever, The only thing I would change is that over time, I want it more organized so I make another board I wish there was a 'move pin' button to place it to another board current technique is having to repin, then delete it from the old board

Still no gallery in Camera Upload mode!

Please support French and Mandarin. In the interactive map, when click a country, pronounce the name of the country.

Can't read text boxes well. Decent, but can't seem to read documents with text boxes and images very well.

Hey Dropbox team! Please add the ability to rename files, as well as the ability for gifs to play I know you can do it!!

Pretty good! I've edited many photos using this application already. Something to probably address is the photo not always saving what you're looking at in the preview. The beautify tool is a good example of this, as it may look fine in preview, but when you save it, you don't exactly get the same quality. Sometimes it turns out a little pixalated, but overall a remarkable app! I use this in conjunction with other apps.r

The fact that you can search within folders is extremely useful, and makes accessing files on the go far more convenient I also think the latest style refresh is a big positive in the right direction I use dropbox on all of my devices I would like to see sorting within the app improved (eg by date), but it's good otherwise.

Thanks, Evernote, for a great app! I use it DAILY to keep my (gluten-free, dairy-free) recipes organized! A tip Please allow me to search ALL my notebooks - helpful to locate an ingredient - rather than searching within each notebook individuallyrnrnAlso, I would love to pay a flat fee to be able to access my notes offline Thanks

