I like the chicken bites but they always forget at least 1 sauce every time.
Good Outstanding
I cannot believe how amazing the new changes are. If you mountain bike, hike, camp, or travel this is a must need app! It now tracks altitude, pace, speed, and about every other stat you need in any unit of measure. By far this is the best app I have!
This app is awesome!
Its such a nice QUICK FIX Absolutely love this app.
Really like this app. It has been soo very helpful in tracking with everything instantly accessible. It really is amazing. Having previously worked in the weight loss industry for many years. I know that this is the key to planning and losing weight. I am doing well with both.
My gallery app does better than this Trash
This app is a fixture in my college studies. Good Reader technology turbo charges my research and puts me ahead of the pack. I couple it with Instapaper, papers, and an air printer app or two and the power is in my hands (and pocket).
Out of a dozen attempts I made on my iPhone 4, I was able to get it to work three times. And even then it was frustratingly inconsistent in recognizing a pulse. I'm not sure what the indication is that it's reading your heart rate, as the "dial" moves around and then restarts constantly. Sometimes a blinking heart shows up. The instructions don't explain what the dial and heart icon are for. Keeping my finger in the same location would reveal a heart rate of 85  and then 31.nnWatched the video on their website to look at the location of my finger in comparison to theirs--same spot. It's possible that the technique they use to measure the heart rate doesn't work on everyone--thus the vast disparity in ratings for the app. Seems to work for some people and not for others.nnDoesn't work at all on my iPad 2 even in good lighting.
Is been downloading for 2 days and still downloading
best pic edit app great app jus cant find how to remove text from a pic
Best app ever It's a really cool app I can do things that I all ways wanted
Shooter game Pretty awesome to be able to play a game on a tablet anywhere that has the feeling of an Xbox or playstation console
We really enjoy this app while traveling When you're on the road and you're ready to stop to eat, this is a great app to find a good place We have found some really good places to eat that we would not have known about Having a map to get you there also helps rnrnOne small issue I have is that when you ask what's near you, or when you use a filter, not everything shows up An example is that I was trying to find info on a brew pub near our motel It didn't show up on the map and when I asked for pubs near my current location it didn't show up in the search But, when I searched by name, there was the pub and reviews
omised. A faithful interesting game with plenty of variety along the way. Nick Bee
Hard to get everything u want, many ads, have to pay to read some articles. (I want all NCAA FB news, not just the big tens) or whatever conference u choose
Good app :) but no :D in galaxy s4
If you use forums a lot, you'll love this app!
Lame Just stick to Auto Awesome on Google+.
Great and useful app. I have nothing bad at all to say about it. It helps me find the best deals on gas around the city with little to no glitches. Does what it's supposed to. 5 stars!
This app is good, but very confusing and hard to navigate at first. The review sheet doesn't make any sense, but good app, overall
At first I thought it wouldn't work but after using it, I have realized that it does work!!
I've purchased 4 different swing apps. This one is by far the best! Great buy!
Thanks Flight tracker, just missed flight because flight tracker gave menCompletely incorrect flight delay information!
Great app. No bugs. Thoughtful, provoking news.
Great app. Use it all the time.
I absolutely love this app. I scan whatever I see 
Love this app. Use at night to go to sleep with.
Easy to use to manage my account.
I love it- it's fun to play on boring car rides?
I love Google+! It is such a wealth of information. I LOVE the illustrations, the content and "hangout"room. My husband and I connect using that tool often. It's an amazing app and I hope it catches on.
I love Evernote and I use it everywhere and on various devices (iOS and desktop) I used to love the simplicity of the web interface, but the new one seems too cumbersome and I've had some really weird issues where it has overwritten my notes Overall, I would rate the environment 45
The concept is very interesting. For the most part it's very accurate at recognizing your hand-written numbers and operators entered for calculation. I would definitely recommend it.
One of the best ones!
I've used this app for three seasons! This is the first year that NFL owns it. I've drafted 8 teams over those years with this app! Very user friendly.
Easy to find songs and purchase in iTunes.
It's really useful cuz I'm a astronomer nnIt's magestical!:/
Great at keeping you journaling. Looking forward to multi-media updates.
Very practical, easy, and for all music lovers.
Really enjoyed using this app to help me study. Think the video clips do a great job explaining the various functions the joints and muscles play. Liked the quiz set up.
It's great for my anatomy class and I'm sure it'll be helpful in college
Being able to change seats on a mobile airline app is imperative. AA's NEVER functions at all. How can they not realize that it just doesn't work?!
ords, just I love it, definetely 3$ very good invested!!!
love the app very easy to use no problems!!
Love it. Keeps me occupied while i have d time to wait
Road trip Use it every step of the way!!!!
Okay This game is great. Can't what for the new one
This is what's needed so I don't waste my time and money going to places that have lousy food, &amp awful customer service
This is a great app for a family on a bujet
Great app for any bears fan! Bear down!
Love this app Always find where to go when you travel With many people on it, it's great to find local places to eat &amp visit while you are away
Couldn't find screen to enter coupon code an had to enter password 5 times to place order. Also, no option to add tip when placing order.
Good for photo collages  Should have more free options, but gets the job done, great app?
Boo! I don't like the annual subscription cost so I won't upgrade to pro. I'd gladly pay a one time fee but apparently that's not an option anymore.
Need more for finding rental HOUSES. But great other than that!
Great app. Wish the instant deals were more varied but otherwise great deals to be had.
It's great for my brother because he's only four so when Disney comes on I can play this for him so he's not bord.
Good My life has been changed thanks to this cinco app
I was looking for a good nightstand application and instead found a great app. Separate alarms, separate days, wake to music, slide dimmer. All around great app.
Very useful and the creator did a good job
Helpful notations. Wish the illustrations were a bit more defined.
This is, hands down, the most useful app. I had the lite version but decided it was worth the money to upgrade. It makes it so much easier than the guess and check on the calendar. I love it!!
it s ordinary u need to improve ur user interface
Needs a little improvement Overall the app is great! It would be nice if you could pin posts to your page from the app. Otherwise you CANNOT do it at all if you are mobile. Fix it and you will have five stars!
I dislike the latest version My notes randomly disappear They are listed under the wrong name (usually by the one that is actually above it) I LOVED the version prior to this one This version is making me lose my confidence that my notes are actually being saved!
Awesome Nice
Office suite pro Works great
Nice I like it
This is the best weather app ever! Great job, it totally outclasses other weather apps.
Makes it easy to keep track of mileage
Most translations aren't even right
l worth it. Great tool for review and on the spur of the moment reference.
So fun/funny love it! Did it with friends and family so funny and old! LOL
This app was easy to use. I'm so glad I found it!
Excellent! Its Excellent. I Have No Complaints.
Amazed at the variety of drinks. Just wish there were more brand-centric drinks as well.
This is a great educational app for students, especially the movies! It provides a great visual for abstract content.
This app is so helpful!!!! Truly amazing!!!! I just paid my bills from it
Great Game Good graphics and gameplay. Definitely glad I got this one
This once great app is now useless. Every address I enter fails. I was a faithful and constant user before the update, now I am searching for another app that actually works.
Nice presentation Of course, the books come from Librivox and the quality varies according to the talents of the volunteers. I have found that most of them read well.
Nice Very nice dhis apps
The new release shows what a mature iOS app should look like. It performs incredibly well, while offering most features (if not all) that users could want. Not only is it now offered at a lower price, but there is an option to enhance the application with an upgrade. Since few users need the enhancements, it is a great way to offer them.
Shark ? dull
very good fav app only bad thing be all the fake not good
zing, I love using skype so I can video with family x
I've seen better cruise apps with live maps and cams.
Great app love it Can't get any better
I LOVE this app, super easy interface and I use it ALL the time.
Couldn't be better really, with options to copy results and also send via text/email  would like to see an option for viewing results full-screen, sometimes the end gets cut off  but it still copies/pastes all of it so it's cool ;)
It's great for my brother because he's only four so when Disney comes on I can play this for him so he's not bord.
Useful Apps Okay
Very practical, easy, and for all music lovers.
Best app ever!r
Well  I think its pricy . Now complicated
I have only started using this app after having it on my device for over 3 weeks. I was influenced to use it when a saw a colleague use hers with glee. The idea that actual people are entering the data (mechanical turk?) gives me hope that the cards will be captured correctly. Time will tell. The first capture of my cards look great.
Love this site it nails every question I have ever asked.very helpful and resourceful.once I found i could download this app for my phone it made it so much more convienant for us.my family goes by it and we love it!
I have been a P90X client for some time now and love the workout! With the P90X app I now have the option of taking my workout to the gym or with me when I travel. Plus the nutrition journal makes it easier for me to keep track of what I eat during the day. For me it is a great app! Glad I purchased this app!
This app is a fixture in my college studies. Good Reader technology turbo charges my research and puts me ahead of the pack. I couple it with Instapaper, papers, and an air printer app or two and the power is in my hands (and pocket).
Always a big help, love your video of the venese beach wax king selection
This a great tool for a rapid lab consultation.
Very nice Software. Works great to meet two hearts
Pretty average although its hard for me to manage with it cause it's kinda difficult
I can't find how to buy add ons. Plz help other wise great game
Does exactly what it says on the tin Effecient enough to check and respond to my emails
Good app I really like the functionality and flexibility this app offers.
Great UI that aggregates so much information into one place, great app! Super intuitive to use.
Great app. even for smaller regional airports.
The is a great app for someone on the go that needs to know what is going on w/ the delays. This app has helped me be in time to a few interviews.
Great game Nice graphics and runs smooth on HTC One
Fun way to get back in touch with classmates in a time-capsule way!
can't even download I purchased this game but it wont even download to my device
Best of what's available I've purchased a few of these word emulator apps and Office Suite is the best. It's very easy to edit with the toolbars. I would give it a five but there are some word spacing issues and I've lost edits occasionally when saving to Dropbox
I was very pleased with this app. The graphics are excellent and the interface is very easy to use and navigate through. The quiz options and video are a great bonus feature. I am really satisfied (especially for the price) and look forward to trying out the other systems' software. Nice Work!
I have sold and bought many things using Craigslist.
This game is really fun and a great way to learn facts, geography, capitals, landmarks and locations of all of the great states in the United States! My nephews are into strategically placing the stacks. Super learning fun!
I actually believe this app is totally awesome in helping me prepare for my boards. However, just as the muscle name is given in audio; I wish there was an option hearing all the muscles info in audio. For me, retaining info comes better in audio, activities, and constant quizzing.
Excellent app Love the features and so easy to use.
Ok Love the game but after update its at 0mb/0mb and not loading im ysing the Samsung galaxy s4 active
The best app for finding quality apps.
As an author, I definitely nee something like this on the go. It's nice not having to wait until I get home to type the next chapter of my book, and I don't have to carry around my binder full of notebook paper. This is amazing ad extremely convenient!!
Best Printing App Ever!
Good basic muscle app, worth the $
Fun and engaging So far the game has run smoothly, been enaging and fun. Its easy enough I don't get annoyed and hard enough I don't get bored. Will update after some time of playing.
Awesome high five EA :) Its working fine with my Xperia SL Awesome graphics and physics Keep rocking
Makes finding hard-to-find deals easy
Nice Gameplay takes head to head with desktop/gaming devices version
Not worth installing My HTC does most of this in settings.
Easy to use to manage my account.
It's easy to use. Keeps the battery conditioned for sure.
Terrible It took forever to download
Great app Really love and use almost daily. Would have given 5 stars except for label limitations.
Excellent app Does everything I would expect in a mail app
Smooth and well
This is a very useful tool when posting animal that I have up for adoption!
When I was a second grader,I kept loosing on the game "Bingo".When I play it,I'm a winner.Thank yyy-yyy-??
Best app ever It's a really cool app I can do things that I all ways wanted
We use open table all the time! Love this app!!!
Superb app Easy to use , truly indispensable to xda forum user's Get it now!
Office suite pro Works great
Perfect for storing all the crazy pics you have.
Love this app because it helps me keep my finances in order. Easy to use!
hanks Flight tracker, just missed flight because flight tracker gave menCompletely incorrect flight delay information!
Great app love it Can't get any better
Not safe brouse
One of my favorite outdoor aps!
Very detailed gps even tracks laps at my local park
How to add voice memo from the iPhone?!
It's cool with me
I've never had a problem with this app. It works fine and I haven't had it glitch or freeze on me. I really like it. I do wish i could search more recipes from the app. I've been having to go to the website to get more recipes, which isn't a problem, but it also isn't as convenient as accessing them from the app.
Helps so much with meal planning and grocery shopping. Cuts time off of both those activities.
Serves purpose so far.
I love this app it makes my day when I need a good laugh
I don't like the update with all the slingshot gadgets
I keep tabs on my brother's flight info, as he travels for work quite a bit. I'm a worrier by nature, so it's wonderful to be able to see the progress of his flights. I've always been able to pull them up easily & they've always been accurate. Great job!
This app makeup so easy to take great notes and I really like being able to record audio of someone speaking wile I'm typing notes!
Okay This game is great. Can't what for the new one
Somehow I lost my contacts. This app got everything back for me
Got my blood test results 2 days after my blood was drawn from my doc. 7 days later this app still says my results are "in progress". Not at all a food app for getting something so medically important. Always trust a phone call to an app   They need to upload the results quicker or not have an app! Sucky !!
Very surprised that is so much useful.
This is cool app I've used before  but no search function; I need it much 
Takes the translation rather literally. Most languages other than English don't say "what's your name". If they could add a common phrase translator function then it would be just that much more accurate
This app is one of the most useful apps I have! The flexibility to insert and organize decks, the syncing with other devices, and the ability to dictate in notes is awesome!!!
I love this app c: now I can take a pic of myself without having to hold it like always -.- <3
Needs the ability to see two devices at the same time on the same map, without having to switch back and forth. Also, would like to have the ability to preload certain maps. Takes too long sometimes to load maps over cell signal. Preloaded maps would eliminate that problem.
Excellent addition to the Angry Birds games. Great new features, challenges and visuals. If you are an Angry Birds fan, this is definitely worth it. The new "orbit" launching is very neat and a nice, innovative twist on the game. It's definitely harder  At least in my opinion, which is a good thing. Get it.
This application has been a lifesaver! It actually remotely sinks with both my IPhone and IPad . I love it!
FRAUD I PURCHASED THIS GAME BUT ITS NOT SUPPORTING MY CELL S3 I WASTED MY MONEY ON THIS PLEASE HELP HOW TO REFUND MY MONEY
I wanted to join a chat not make 1
Great Awesome app !
Worth every penny I spent.
Good  but does this app only works when theres internet connetion?
Note 3 online not working Couple of weeks ago im able to play in online and now it says cant connect check ur network, but i have highspeed internet
It is Very Annoying that it won't change to horizontal view on my iPad. I use an attachable keyboard which requires horizontal layouts. Why doesn't this app switch like the REST of them?
Great way to save! Thank u
Nice app  Keep tracks on my flights. Easy :) and on time
Great tool to consolidate your notes
This is exactly what I was looking for in an iPhone banking/checking app.
I found this app pretty helpful overall for finding hotels and reading reviews, however the search feature was a bit limited and didn't allow me to filter by brand name easily This would be a nice feature to add
Simple, easy to use note taking app Sometimes not all notes are available when not on wireless network
Excellent app, integrates well with Google Reader. A must-have app on all of my iDevices.
This app is a fixture in my college studies. Good Reader technology turbo charges my research and puts me ahead of the pack. I couple it with Instapaper, papers, and an air printer app or two and the power is in my hands (and pocket).
While visiting in Philippines discovered TA while evaluating lodging choices Then discovered all the related features which included rich info on local eateries and things to see and do Yelp included nothing in the Philippines It's the strong international contribution by the users (like me) that make this App really good It won a place on my home page
I am using this to reduce paper clutter in my house So far, so good Notes from the kids' school and organizations get photographed and organized in one notebook Notes for parties in another Ideas for the house are organized too, including pictures from home and garden magazines Love it so far I am a little worried, however, that I need access to the Internet for it Not sure if this will work then
I love trip advisor!! Be it reading reviews or writing reviews myself! I'm totally hooked!!! It's spot on!! Love it!
I love it now i can make people look fat and it is so easy
Syncing is a bit tricky at first, but otherwise wonderful. Reading interface is fab!
I use several apps for PDF viewing and one feature that keeps me on the prowl for the holy grail of PDF viewers, is an app that supports PDF markup Being a musician and heavy e-reader, I rely heavily on PDF markup nnDropbox, give us some simple PDF markup abilities, eg, highlight, pen, erase, opacity, and you will put several PDF viewer apps to bed Couple these features with the ability to share a folder of PDFs with other Dropbox users and you've converted me, and countless others, to PDF viewing through Dropbox
Very practical, easy, and for all music lovers.
I use this app all the time to keep track of notes, recipes, general info, favorite restaurants, etc I do some organizing up front, but the real benefit is everything is then searchable and available on both my computers, phone and tablet Excellent and useful!
Very helpful in planning my day. Gives hour by hour estimated weather that is just as accurate as any other weather report. Love the graphics behind all of the information. It mostly follows the weather that is expected for the hour which adds a lot of visual interest.
Outstanding! You will enjoy listening to podcats on this app!
There is always room for improvement but this app has replaced no less than 3 other apps, and now with reminders it is my go-to application for pretty much anything task or project related
No matter where I travel, it's very accurate to use.
I love that I can have post it notes without the post its Love that I can take picture notes and get a memory jog just by looking at the &#34post it&#34 Good app I'll upgrade when I use up all the space )
This ap has gotten me back to my truck after getting lost on my dirt bike quite a few times. Worth every penny!
best cross platform app ever! the idea of a seamlessly connect world bring to life simply brilliant!
Thanks for making an app to manage my account. Better than the mobile site.
I'm ten and this stuff does not scare my and I'm 10 YEARS OLD!!!!
Well worth it. Great tool for review and on the spur of the moment reference.
I use skritter for learning Japanese and it's an application that requires flash, however I mainly study on my iPhone and probably wouldn't keep up with the SRS if I was only able to access the program on my computer. Thanks to splashtop, now I can practice on the go. (that sounds like a infomercial lol)
The best! I really like the features especially the stickers ?
Impressed by its versatility in terms of the type of note one can take It's great to have the ability to input URL, photos, audio, and text And great that it has desktop integration for a computernnThe drawback that I've encountered is though it offers labels it doesn't offer folders Editing and the dashboard in the app could use an easier interface Still good app though
I love this App it helps me a lotwhen travelling, specially if you take your time to read the reviews! These are from real people, not critics! I love it!
